[suspenseful music plays]
Distinguished members of the Sekai Taikai,
I thank you for gracing us
with your presence.
Sensei Silver. I'm Gunther Braun.
I speak for the Sekai Taikai.
As you know,
our admission process is quite rigorous.
Despite your overtures,
we cannot guarantee admission.
Understood.
But I assure you,
Cobra Kai is worthy of entry.
As you can see,
our dojo is state-of-the-art.
And our senseis are second to none.
[grunts]
[Gunther] Very impressive.
But there are many impressive dojos
in the world.
It's a shame
more people haven't heard of them.
But that's where we can
help each other out.
Corporate sponsorships. Broadcast rights.
I have the resources and the connections
to make the Sekai Taikai
a household name all across America.
It's a huge market.
One you've never been able to tap.
Until now.
[Gunther chuckles]
Karate gave my life structure,
function, purpose,
and it's doing the same for my students.
I only want to spread its lessons further.
Give every kid the chance
to learn and grow through karate.
Just like I did.
[Gunther] Thank you for your generosity,
but this review is entirely
about the quality of your students.
That won't be a problem.
Our dojo is the best in the Valley.
[Daniel] That's not true.
[tense music plays]
-And who are you?
-I'm Sensei Daniel LaRusso.
Two-time All Valley champion.
Sensei Johnny Lawrence.
Also two-time champion.
Chozen Toguchi. Master sensei.
Amanda LaRusso,
karate adjacent.
Cobra Kai isn't the only dojo
in the Valley.
So you represent another dojo?
Not just any dojo.
We have champions
from the past two All Valleys.
You led us to believe
that your dojo had all the titles.
Honesty isn't exactly
Cobra Kai's strong suit.
Our dojo is truly unique.
We've combined our different styles
to train our students
into the best fighters I've ever seen.
They deserve a shot at your tournament
just as much as Cobra Kai.
[in Japanese] The other dojo
wants to prove their worth.
[in Korean] Combining styles
is unorthodox,
but I am curious.
[chuckles]
[in English] My apologies
for this inappropriate
yet entertaining disruption.
But may I remind our guests
that they haven't traveled all this way
to consider anyone but the very best.
[Gunther] No, we have not.
Now that we're here,
we'll determine that for ourselves.
We will see what your dojo has to offer.
And yours.
We expect a comprehensive exhibition
of your training methods
and your students' abilities.
And then we will see
if either dojo
is worthy of the Sekai Taikai.
Thank you very much.
You won't be disappointed.
Well, as they say,
the more the merrier.
May the best dojo win.
We will.
And when we do,
I'm gonna shove that ponytail up your ass.
-[Amanda chuckles]
-You can translate that.
Okay. All right.
[tense music plays]
I agreed to train your students
under the condition you would pave the way
for my family's teachings
to emerge from the shadows.
And yet, your petty rivalry
is standing in the way.
I have no rivalry with them.
They're beaten.
This is a last, desperate gasp of breath.
[tense music plays]
Then we must suffocate them.
I will continue to train your students
so they are fully prepared.
And might I suggest next time,
you are prepared too.
[tense music continues]
[Devon exhales] This thing's
gonna be on TV.
There's corporate sponsors.
-We're gonna make a fortune.
-I don't think we're getting paid.
I mean, not directly,
but we're gonna be Insta-famous.
Gonna get me
one of those branded partnerships.
You can put yourself
through college with one of those.
I never even thought about college.
As long as we make sure Cobra Kai wins.
How much longer
do I have to stay at the dojo?
I know how difficult it is
to be behind enemy lines,
but I need you there for a little longer.
What's wrong?
Don't worry about it.
Elevate your kicks. Aim higher.
Did you catch that video I sent you
of last year's Sekai Taikai?
-Who knew people could kick that high?
-Or that hard.
Dude, seriously.
That's why it's the biggest
competition in the world.
Last year's winners did
a car commercial in Taiwan.
Imagine being in a commercial.
What would you do with all that money?
Buy a yacht with a hot tub.
Fill it up with Smarties and hotties.
All right, all right.
Let's not get ahead of ourselves.
Remember, Cobra Kai is gonna do
everything they can to get a spot.
And if they win this time,
kids all over the world
are gonna have to deal with the same crap
you guys have gone through.
But if we win,
we can show the world how to stop them.
First you must prove
you can compete with best.
To do that,
you have to be better than the best.
Which is why we're gonna
kick your asses into high gear.
[Daniel] Sensei Lawrence,
Sensei Toguchi and I
are gonna get you ready
for the presentation.
Come on. Let's get warmed up.
Go! Move those asses.
Hey. How are you feeling?
Good. Great. Why?
I just want you to know
I'm not gonna force you to compete.
I made that mistake in the All Valley.
Not gonna do it again.
No worries. I-I'm pumped, actually.
Everything okay with, uh…
Uh, yeah.
Things were tough at first,
but I'm glad that we're still friends.
All right. Good to hear.
How sweet. Is this
what fatherly advice sounds like?
Come on, we're just talking.
-Relax. I'm messing with you.
-[Miguel chuckles]
[sighs] I'm glad you ironed out your shit.
With you on the same team, we have a shot.
What do you say?
Are you ready
to show the world who's boss?
[rock music plays]
Our students start with basic movements.
We use chores to create muscle memory.
Once they have that down,
they can master their defense.
Show me sand the floor!
[grunting]
Only after they master their defense,
do we teach offense.
But with a badass twist.
Show them the screaming eagle.
Ready? [grunts]
Ais!
[all grunt]
[Miguel] Ais!
[grunting]
♪ And I don't care where I'm going… ♪
At Cobra Kai,
we don't believe in baby steps.
We throw our students
straight into the fire. Kenny Payne.
Only started training with us this year.
Now look at him…
[in Korean] Begin!
♪ What a rocker ♪
♪ Blue-eyed murder in a size five dress
Change… ♪
[Kenny grunts]
♪ Unchained
And ya hit the ground runnin'… ♪
[Kenny yells]
♪ Ain't nothin' stays the same ♪
♪ Unchained
Yeah, ya hit the ground runnin'… ♪
[in English] Our Okinawan style of karate
has been handed down
from generation to generation,
going back 400 years.
Shrimpo Sensei.
Loved fishing, loved sake bombs.
One day,
strong wind, strong sun--
Okay, the point of the story is
that our dojo is steeped in rich history.
-That's right.
-There's an old saying.
To solve the problems of the present,
we must always--
Look to the future.
Other dojos may be set in their ways.
Cobra Kai is on the cutting edge.
We use the latest technology
for maximum performance.
[Kyler grunts]
♪ Unchained… ♪
-Very good. Keep your left foot planted.
-Yes, sir.
-[Sam grunts]
-[Johnny] No fancy crap here.
Our dojo is old school.
We don't spoil our students.
We make 'em earn things the hard way.
[Sam yells]
Call that a kick? Harder!
♪ Change, nothing stays the same ♪
♪ Unchained
Yeah, ya hit the ground runnin'… ♪
[Sam yells]
-[kids gasp]
-[music stops]
[boy] What?!
Uh, hey, look, man, I'm sure
this probably all seems weird to you,
but sometimes you have to train
outside the box to get to another level.
Some people use the latest high-tech junk
to get there,
and some people need to run
up a mountain in the snow and yell.
Drago!
Rocky Balboa is my hero.
No shit! Mine too.
His victory over Russia effectively
restored my fractured homeland.
-You get it.
-I do.
-Show me more.
-Yes, sir.
♪ Comin' up… ♪
[Tory] Ais!
♪ Change, ain't nothin' stays the same ♪
♪ Unchained
Yeah, ya hit the ground runnin' ♪
♪ Change, ain't nothin' stays the same ♪
♪ Unchained
Yeah, ya hit the ground runnin' ♪
♪ Change, ain't nothin' stays the same ♪
♪ Unchained
Yeah, ya hit the ground runnin' ♪
♪ Change, ain't nothin' stays the same ♪
♪ Unchained ♪
[grunting]
Thank you for your presentation.
Your style is… quite unique.
Not to mention your facilities.
They're certainly one of a kind.
Having reviewed both dojos,
it's clear that one could not be
more different than the other.
Yet both are equally impressive.
So the only way to determine which dojo
can gain entry into the Sekai Taikai
is to see how your students fare
in direct competition.
Each dojo will select two fighters.
One male, one female.
Each will fight tomorrow afternoon
in separate three-point matches.
After those fights,
the organizers will decide
which dojo, if any,
shall make the world stage.
-Good luck to all.
-Yeah.
Auf Wiedersehen.
[tense music plays]
-Well, could've been worse.
-At least we still have a shot.
-Only one thing to do now.
-[Silver] We have to prepare to fight.
This is bigger than the All Valley.
Much bigger.
So we need our best.
Nichols.
Looks like you're gonna have
a rematch against LaRusso.
You ready?
Yes, Sensei.
Good.
Payne.
Ready to take on
whomever they pick as their top fighter?
-Yes, Sensei.
-[Silver] You better be.
Because the fate of this dojo
rests in your fists.
[Tory] They're expecting me to fight,
but if I win, it helps Cobra Kai.
So what do I do?
You do what's right for you.
-What's that supposed to mean?
-[Kreese] You said it.
Winning gives you new opportunities.
What the hell are you talking about?
The plan was to stop Silver
and get you out.
We're not doing
anything like that anymore.
Nothing we do is gonna get me out of here.
I've been helping you this whole time.
Keeping secrets from everyone I know.
And what? Now you're just done?
I've put you through enough.
The best thing you can do right now
is look after yourself.
[exhales]
Screw this.
This is what I get
for putting my trust in anyone.
I'm always the one
picking up the pieces. [sighs]
[somber music plays]
Okay, who's ready for round two?
Okay. Jesus Christ…
-Wow, you guys can take down a pizza.
-The honeys love a man that can eat.
What honeys? Our dojo has more sausage
than this pizza.
-We not enough for you, penis breath?
-Definitely not.
[laughter]
We have a choice to make,
and it's not gonna be easy.
You're all badass fighters, but only
one of you can get on the mat tomorrow.
Hawk's the current All Valley champ.
But it could've gone either way.
Diaz is last year's champ.
That could've gone either way too.
Even though Hawk injured Robby
in the semis,
Hawk didn't have to fight in the semis
this year. Diaz booked it to Mexico.
Point being you're all deserving.
LaRusso, Chozen and I
are having a hard time
deciding which of you
should go up against Cobra Kai.
Maybe we should flip a coin.
-How would that work? There's three of us.
-So we'll flip three coins.
We don't need to flip any coins.
We already made up our minds.
Yeah. We talked about it,
and there's only one choice.
-It should be Hawk.
-He beat me fair and square.
I bowed out of the last tournament.
He deserves to represent us.
[gentle music plays]
Wow. It's an honor I don't take lightly.
I'm prepared for the challenge.
All right. We'll train tonight.
Uh, what about Sam? Where's she?
-[grunting]
-[Chozen] Yes.
[Sam grunts]
Looking unbeatable. Let's not overdo it.
That's enough for tonight.
Are you sure?
I-I can go again.
Must rest. Save for tomorrow. Hm?
Sam.
You're sharper than ever. Okay?
The student is surpassing the teacher.
You got this.
Tory won't know what hit her.
Thanks. But, uh,
that's not really the problem.
I guess I wasn't expecting
to be back so soon.
After the tournament,
when you closed the dojo,
I was angry.
But then I started to think
that maybe it was for the best.
That I needed a break.
And now being back here and training
with everybody has been so great.
I just…
I'm back in this winner-takes-all match.
It feels like I'm right where I started.
Me against Tory.
Samantha-san,
fight not against opponent.
Many years ago,
your father and I had big fight.
You know story.
I wanted to prove
I was better.
Better fighter.
Better man.
He was definitely one hell of a fighter.
But I was fighting against.
Your father was fighting for.
Fighting for friends.
For village. For…
For Miyagi-san.
For my senseis.
And for you, Sam.
For you.
[inspiring music plays]
Go on. You're missing the pizza party.
We'll see you at home.
[inspiring music continues]
[music fades]
[grunting]
[Silver] Burning the midnight oil?
I don't think
I'll be able to sleep tonight.
Figured I might as well
get some extra practice in.
You've got pre-fight jitters.
Whoever they put up, I'll be fighting
someone with way more experience.
-He'll be bigger, stronger than me.
-Hey. Don't count yourself out.
Before I started training
in the Way of the Fist,
know what they used to called me?
Twig.
-Really?
-Oh, yeah.
Didn't let it stop me.
You're on your way
to becoming one of the best.
LaRusso, Lawrence,
Diaz, Keene,
they've all had their time in the sun.
Now it's your turn.
Let me show you something.
My master taught me this years ago.
I've made a few tweaks.
I call it the Silver bullet.
-That's good.
-You like that, huh?
If you strike
with the right speed and trajectory,
right between the ribs,
you can cause your opponent
significant damage.
Literally take their breath away.
[Silver inhales deeply]
[tense music plays]
[tense music crescendos]
[Silver grunts]
But, Sensei, you already get a point
for hitting the chest.
Why go for extra damage?
Because the shortest distance
to victory in a fight
is to take out your opponent
with one shot.
[ominous music plays]
[exhales]
Show me again.
[suspenseful music plays]
Look at this place.
Whoa!
Whoa. It's like a Cobra starship.
They even got a smoothie bar. No fair!
[tense music plays]
[Kim] Nichols.
Come here.
You beat the LaRusso girl before.
Make this fight quick.
[tense music plays]
[scoffs]
-Keene!
-[tense music continues]
That's some messed up shit.
You training the kid who bullied me.
-Heard you're doing the bullying now.
-He deserves everything that comes to him.
Don't think you believe that.
I know how things can start from nothing
and get bigger and bigger
until all you feel is hate.
I've been there.
But I'm telling you,
it is so much better to let that hate go.
You and Anthony might actually get along
if you got to know each other.
Yeah, right.
He made my life a living hell.
He's the reason
I came to you in the first place.
You know what?
You're lucky you're not on the mat today.
Guess Hawk will have to do.
Don't worry. I'll shut him up.
Don't go too hard on him.
You remember what it's like to be
in Cobra Kai. It's not Kenny talking.
It's Silver.
Yeah.
Thank you, Sensei Silver, for offering
to host these matches in your dojo
on such short notice.
Offering or demanding?
We do have actual
tournament regulation mats here,
so it really was the only option.
[Gunther] We'll begin with the boys.
We have invited a local referee
to ensure impartiality.
First to three points wins.
[tense music plays]
Time to begin.
Eli Moskowitz and Kenny Payne,
please take the mat.
[applause and cheering]
Face me.
Bow.
Face each other.
Ready?
[tense music continues]
Fight!
[Kenny grunts]
Point! 1-0, Payne.
[cheering and applause]
[tense music continues]
Ready? Fight!
[grunting]
[dramatic music plays]
[Hawk grunts]
-Yes!
-[referee] Out of bounds.
-No point.
-What? What, are you serious?
Ref, that's horseshit.
He made contact in bounds!
No point. Back on the line.
[tense music plays]
Ready? Fight!
[dramatic music plays]
[grunting]
Come on.
-[grunting]
-[Hawk groans]
[referee] Illegal strike.
That's a warning.
-Turn and kneel.
-Warning? He should be disqualified.
It's fine. He just caught me off-guard.
Are you sure, Eli?
No more Eli.
It's time to uncage the Hawk.
[dramatic music plays]
-[referee] Get back on the line.
-[dramatic music continues]
Ready?
[dramatic music continues]
Fight!
[Kenny grunts]
[groaning]
[panting]
[referee] Point!
-2-0, Payne.
-[Hawk gasping]
Hawk!
[Hawk groans]
Hawk. What's wrong?
I can't… Can't… Can't breathe.
Can you continue?
[breathes shakily]
[groans]
Where's the medic?
That's a forfeit. Winner, Payne.
What?
[cheering]
[medic] Can you breathe?
I think he's okay.
Just got the wind knocked out of him.
[cheering]
[tense music plays]
Looks like you got a new name.
Faux-Hawk.
[laughter]
[cheering]
[Daniel] Come on.
[tense music continues]
[tense music crescendos]
We begin our girls' fight.
Samantha LaRusso and Tory Nichols,
please take the mat.
[Kim] Where is she?
[tense drumbeat]
-Dude, she was here, like--
-I don't know. I mean, she was just here.
What do you mean you don't know?
What happened to Nichols?
[Daniel] Sam.
Hey. They're fighting dirty.
This is dangerous.
You don't have to do this.
I know. But I can handle it.
This is for all of us.
Tory Nichols?
[tense music plays]
Tory's not here. Something happened.
She's not out there.
We need a female fighter.
We have one.
I'll let him know.
[Kim] Miss Lee.
Yes, Sensei.
Are you ready?
Ready to…
[tense music plays]
You want me to fight Sam LaRusso?
[Kim] No.
I want you to defeat her.
Or are you too afraid?
[tense music continues]
No, Sensei.
Then show me.
[dramatic music plays]
[breathes heavily]
[dramatic music continues]
Face me. Bow.
Face each other. Bow.
Ready?
[dramatic music continues]
Fight!
[grunting]
No point. That's shoulder. No point.
-[Sam] What?
-What?
-[referee] Keep fighting.
-[dramatic music continues]
It's okay.
[grunting]
Point. 1-0, Lee.
There was no contact.
Time out. Go to your sensei.
I blocked that!
And I got her below the shoulder.
All right, look.
Not every point is gonna go our way.
Those calls put me down a point.
I should be up one!
-If I lose the match because of it--
-[Miguel] Sam.
You're the better fighter.
Everyone knows it.
The ref might not be doing you any favors,
but you've got us in your corner.
All of us.
Referee is moron.
Must not leave room for error.
He's right.
You make every point undeniable.
[in Japanese] Do your best.
[dramatic music continues]
[in English] Ready?
Fight!
[grunting]
[cheering]
[tense music plays]
-Point, LaRusso. 1-1.
-[Devon groans]
[dramatic music plays]
Ready? Fight!
[grunting]
-Yes!
-[Chozen exclaims]
[referee] Point. 2-1, LaRusso.
Ready?
Fight!
[dramatic music continues]
[grunting]
[Sam yells]
-Yes!
Yes, Sam!
Point. Winner, LaRusso.
[cheering]
[triumphant music plays]
[boy] Let's go!
I am so proud of you, Sam.
That was incredible.
-Crazy tough.
-Crazy tough. It's all you.
Samantha-san.
[in Japanese] You did it!
[Chozen chuckles]
[triumphant music continues]
[music fades]
[in English] I'm sorry, Sensei.
You apologize for what?
I didn't win.
And whose fault is that?
Your leader failed you and your teammates
by disappearing.
-I'm sure Tory had a good reason.
-It does not matter.
If she is not ready to lead,
then I must make sure you are.
[Gunther] We have reached an agreement.
As expected, we were impressed
with the skills, precision and discipline
of the new Sekai Taikai qualifier…
Cobra Kai.
Yeah!
[cheering and applause]
[somber music plays]
As for our other dojo,
we admired your unusual mix of styles
and underdog spirit…
and we think you could be
a unique addition to the competition.
Therefore, we've decided that your dojo
has also qualified.
What?
[cheering]
[uplifting music plays]
[uplifting music fades]
Congratulations, gentlemen.
And welcome to the Sekai Taikai.
We just need your dojo's name.
We are Miyagi-Do.
And
we are Eagle Fang.
[man whispers]
Well, which is it?
[sighs] To be honest,
it's not just one or the other.
We represent two opposing philosophies
coming together and finding common ground
when none seemed possible.
That's right.
If I can change, and you can change,
everybody can change.
-He gets it.
-I do.
Nevertheless, we still need
one name to enter.
You don't have to decide now,
but we need an answer soon.
For now, congratulations, everyone,
and welcome to the Sekai Taikai.
Maybe one day we'll both win.
[Daniel] We've all earned this.
Each and every one of you
brought your A-game.
Could not be more proud.
With this tournament in our future,
we've got a lot of work to do.
But tonight…
Tonight, go celebrate!
[cheering]
Hey, listen.
I told your mom I'd take her and Rosa
out to dinner and a movie,
so you guys are on your own
if you wanna host that celebration.
[upbeat music plays]
What, uh, happened to the green?
Uh, didn't really work for me,
so, still, uh, figuring it out.
Dude, this is insane.
How did everyone find out about this?
Moon invited a ton of people
from East Valley.
Guess the word got out.
Hey. Came to party with us
'cause we got into the Sekai Taikai?
I have no idea what you just said.
We came to drink.
-The Sekai Taikai--
-Penis breath, grab the girl a cup.
Anyways, let me introduce you
to the baddest badass at the party.
♪ We used to whisper ♪
♪ If only just… ♪
[cheering]
♪ We used to lose
All of the blood inside of us ♪
♪ Full moon and a deep blue river valley ♪
[music fades]
-[Sam] Thank you.
-You're welcome.
♪ I don't care about who you know ♪
♪ All I know is we've got potential ♪
♪ Light the flame, now we're on our way ♪
♪ Spark it up like it's our last day ♪
♪ We can let the people talk, talk ♪
♪ We can walk ♪
♪ I'll take you higher ♪
[sound distorts]
♪ Yeah, we could set this place on fire ♪
♪ Can't see the stars
We're burning brighter… ♪
-[sound resumes]
-Oh shit! Major party foul, Sam!
♪ Never been into material things ♪
♪ The finer things
The diamond rings, no ♪
♪ I don't wanna… ♪
Wait. No.
Sam!
Wait up! Hey, Sam!
♪ Swimming deep in these violet skies ♪
[stifles tears]
[tense music plays]
LaRusso.
[Sam panting]
-What are you doing here?
-I'm not here to fight.
I came to talk.
About what?
[dramatic music plays]
You didn't lose the All Valley.
[dramatic music crescendos]
[theme music plays]